Update CHANGELOG.md for main:2025-06-08 (#19472)
ydb-platform/ydb: CHANGELOG.md

* 17663:Added optimizations for reading from Solomon. [#17663](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/17663) ([Ivan Sukhov](https://github.com/evanevanevanevannnn))
* 17525:Implemented automatic reconfiguration of StateStorage (change the number of rings or the number of replicas in a ring) in case of a node failure or load changes without downtime of the entire group. [#17525](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/17525) ([Evgenik2](https://github.com/Evgenik2))
* 17421:Added support for runtime results during script execution. [#17421](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/17421) ([Pisarenko Grigoriy](https://github.com/GrigoriyPA))

> * 19315:Introduce distconf cache for group info propagation. [#19315](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/19315) ([Alexander Rutkovsky](https://github.com/alexvru))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 19315:Added distconf cache for group info propagation. [#19315](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/19315) ([Alexander Rutkovsky](https://github.com/alexvru))
```

> * 19227:YDB FQ: enable `REGEXP` pushdown for `Utf8` columns. [#19227](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/19227) ([Vitaly Isaev](https://github.com/vitalyisaev2))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 19227:Added support for `REGEXP` pushdown operations on `Utf8` columns during federated query execution. [#19227](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/19227) ([Vitaly Isaev](https://github.com/vitalyisaev2))
```

> * 19216:Added basic checks for group names when creating or renaming them: they may consists of Latin letters in both cases, digits, underscore and hyphen. [#19216](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/19216) ([yurikiselev](https://github.com/yurikiselev))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 19216:Added basic checks for group names when creating or renaming them: the names may consists of lower and upper case Latin characters, digits, underscores and hyphens. [#19216](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/19216) ([yurikiselev](https://github.com/yurikiselev))
```

> * 19111:Added support for specify the size of sliced portions on the zero layer. [#19111](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/19111) ([Oleg Doronin](https://github.com/dorooleg))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 19111:Added support for defining the size of sliced portions on the zero layer. [#19111](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/19111) ([Oleg Doronin](https://github.com/dorooleg))
```

> * 18988:2DC:added support pile identifiers for dynamic nodes. [#18988](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/18988) ([Alexander Rutkovsky](https://github.com/alexvru))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 18988:Added support for pile identifiers in dynamic nodes within the 2-dc cluster topology. [#18988](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/18988) ([Alexander Rutkovsky](https://github.com/alexvru))
```

> * 18859:Reconfiguration of StateStorage: added support Board reconfiguration via DistConf. [#18859](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/18859) ([Evgenik2](https://github.com/Evgenik2))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 18859:Added support for Board reconfiguration in StateStorage via DistConf. [#18859](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/18859) ([Evgenik2](https://github.com/Evgenik2))
```
